this is Edgewood
we're heading toward downtown Trenton
somewhere you used to live
a little bit faster we meet up here open
heart of an angel
1:12 don't say too much yet but you
start to see trees down here on the side
everybody's pushing to damage stuff up
to the road you picked up
there's in our home is pretty much
intact start order and it stretched see
here all these trees this is where I
started coming through
the apartment complex there
Dave gasps what used to be the other
apartment complex right there it's just
don't gone
here's across the road
look it over this way
yeah
we're getting up close to where O'Reilly
Auto Parts is up here on your left these
are these other buildings that used to
be here
I'm going up here close to
the funeral and Moore's funeral home
back here what's what's left of it I
don't know if you can see it but going
up the mountain back here zoom in have a
zoom in a little but you see it like a
brownish part on the mountain there
that's where it went up and over the
mountain and those trees are all
stripped sort of right in the center of
the picture above the corner of the
florist store that's about the worst of
the damage here in town in Trenton